all Israel verse 1 of chapter 14 return
to the Lord your God for you have
stumbled because of your iniquity take
words with you and return to the Lord
and say to him says listen when you go
back to him take words bring your words
of repentance to him god I'm sorry I did
this god I'm sorry I lived this way god
I'm sorry I trusted in myself take words
with you here's the words that they're
supposed to take take away all iniquity
receive us graciously for we will offer
sack of the sacrifices of our lips they
are supposed to pray that their sins
would be forgiven take away our iniquity
for in you the fatherless find mercy God
is merciful to all to the impoverished
to the poor to the rundown to the humble
to all God then says an eye if you'll
say these things if you'll bring these
words to me then I will heal their
backsliding God heals our backsliding we
could come to him with words and make
commitments and God will actually heal
our backsliding he doesn't say that they
have to straighten out their backsliding
they bring these words to God and they
repent and God heals their backsliding
that's a good picture by the way if
you've walked away from God God will
heal your backsliding I will love them
freely God says for my anger has turned
away from him all of a sudden this
horrible wrath like a lion like a
leopard lurking like a bear without Cubs
is suddenly turned away God's wrath can
be appeased so quickly by simply saying
Jesus forgive me